hi so I've always recommended Westworld
season 1 because I think it's excellent
I think it's a work of art it's it's
it's great and while you know season 2
is kind of going through the sophomore
slump yes I mean I don't still recommend
it right and obviously in this video I'm
gonna give you the sum up the
explanation of what Westworld is for
dummies I'd also people really get high
on this shows and all of the
intellectual ality of the show to the
point that I've seen threads of people
arguing with each other about
consciousness and they don't like
arguing about the same thing so I'm
hoping that this show doesn't spawn like
an other side of Rick and Morty fans who
think you have to be like I don't know
you have to have some sort of IQ to
watch this show I think you can still
enjoy it but I'm here to break it down
for you not with the super deep
analytical stuff you can go over to this
guy over there but you guys know we
chill over here with the simpletons the
ones you know the ones who bum off the
HBO subscription let me explain so y'all
know the guy who wrote Jurassic Park
well this guy clearly has a thing with
theme parks going wrong after recreating
life forms that shouldn't be touch with
since you know he did the og film
versions of both of these in terms of
the show you got these two guys the jobs
Wozniak who created these robots and
they called him host that blade runner's
wouldn't be able to distinguish thing is
that Arnold losses kid so while he was
creating these robots he goes into this
deep depression he starts wanting to
wall-e his creation and help them gain
consciousness and when he realizes that
I mean that I don't want to open a park
to a bunch of rich dudes we're just
gonna destroy my creation and rape and
pillage them day after day and he kills
himself he literally destroys all the
rides so they couldn't open however
delyth got that money and since Dallas's
kid is like that twerp from Shrek the
third time they eventually opened the
park since he likes the rides thing is
though if you've ever brought your
friends over when you were little right
if you remember this if you remember
blessing them with the fact that you had
a Gamecube and they didn't and you
allowed them to see it if not touch it
and I just wanted to claim the Gamecube
as their own that's exactly what his pal
Billy does right like this dude brings
him in and he thinks he's way too good
for all the things that they're doing
here that that he's beyond all of these
woody shenanigans that the an turns out
now this guy's a straight-up psychopath
and he wants to take over West world
dude leaves his best friend stranded out
there
he becomes Ed Harris as the man in black
and kind of like loses
part of his face and since he's married
to Delos his daughter he's got the in in
convincing this man to drop even more
money in this place but he ain't looking
to expand Toy Story land like they did
in Disney this man wants to create a
place where one their figuring out a way
to recreate people so they can be
immortal and two this man is facebooking
people's data so that he can recreate
them like imagine this if it's only rich
people who can go to West world right so
you got prime ministers and you got CEOs
important people
these guys can legit just got a them in
the park decompose their bodies then
return a host of them to control the
things in the real world that loss is
the Illuminati confirmed that's why I
think just to add a little bit here that
the character of Ed Harris you know
William what we're seeing here is
actually a host the man in black is his
host trying to find his own Mane's he's
testing his fidelity like they're trying
to do with mr. dillos because even
though everyone's thinking and the
producers are saying that now he's a
human this whole time and they may be
right you know the captions never really
called him Willy but the man in black
you know they even show you in the after
credits of season two where his host
daughter is telling him that they're
doing just that trying to figure out his
fidelity which is supposed to take place
like in season four in the future and
stuff but I don't know that's my little
theory that Ed Harris is William may in
fact be the first person to find
immortality
either way you also have Ford who
realizes his buddy Arnold was actually
onto something before he killed himself
and after listening to yeezus on repeat
four decides that he wants to become a
god he creates Bernard who's kind of an
anagram and even a copy of Arnold in a
sense and he's made by Dolores which is
really ironic because Arnold spent his
entire time creating Dolores now Dolores
is kind of the one training his copy we
then jump to the president's where Ford
who you should never trust is clearly
scheming some things right there's these
business ladies who appear and they
think that they can dupe him he dupes
them both the hosts gain consciousness
and they think that they're about to
start a revolution it's all a part of
his plan and even when this dude dies he
ain't really dead because he wants to be
a god the idea is that all of these
species right every time that we look
back in history when a new species
arises one's gotta go right we ain't
chillin with dinosaurs or cavemen
anymore right we went from laserdisc to
VH
DVDs to blu-ray then streaming like if
you're one of those who's still using
CDs you'd probably be one of the ones
who goes with Danno snap into extension
so if I season two all of the hosts are
either trying to break out of the park
to go into the real world ex machina
style or they're trying to retain their
memories and go after the things that
they do believe in and try to get into
this afterlife for robots which is like
just in a USB Drive where they they're
it's practically Minecraft for them they
can create anything they want because
humans aren't allowed to touch them
the thing with season two is it's all
true confusing because they decided to
add three timelines and I don't know if
that's because the producers were upset
that right it figured out their two
timelines for the first either way the
reason they do it is because Bernard has
a plan but he jumbled up his brain so
we're seeing everything out of order and
that way the humans aren't able to tap
in and understand what he's trying to do
they've kind of created like this
Malcolm X and okay thing between Dolores
and him where they both kinda want the
same thing for the house just by
different means and even though he kills
her he even kind of like puts her in a
clone of Tessa Thompson's character in
order to escape and they kill the real
Tulsa Thompson I'm saying you can't
trust people when they're making clones
I like how we also learned that the
third Hemsworth brother is actually a
clone Ford made in order to maintain the
host inside of the park and you know he
lets her go into the real world because
he's no longer in charge of anyone who's
not inside of the park true G right here
but as she leaves she takes five little
metal balls with her which again can be
any five hosts out there since host so
really need bodies right they're
technically just digital beings they can
their bodies don't really matter because
they can be inside a refrigerator they
can look like a freakin smart house they
like us yet in my opinion I think those
five little balls are Arnold Maeve
Clementine her dad and without a doubt I
thought this one was obvious Clippy
she's finally out of the park and
recreates Bernard when she's out there
because they're now playing this magneto
Charles game right this Batman vs. the
Joker where they hate each other their
ideologies are against each other
but they don't want to kill each other
what would they be without each other
would it be easier for Dolores to take
over in the violent way that she wants
to yeah but then we wouldn't have more
seasons I guess the point of view is
that without a struggle without a
conflict right a speed
she's cannot thrive like clearly Dolores
doesn't agree with the sublime idea
where all of these people went into
their digital heaven but she hooked them
up and made sure that those files were
never going to be touched by human
beings ever again right she's learned
that even though people have different
ideologies that's the way you grow so to
recap these guys create hosts so they
can gain consciousness and become
themselves but at the same time these
guys want holes so they can gain
immortality and become themselves all
the parks that we see pretty much get
destroyed as the hosts either make it
into a digital heaven and we see five
hosts escape with Dolores who's now
looking to take over the world but
considering the shows written by humans
I don't know if they get all the
representation right thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm Kirsten all
your thoughts down below in the comment
section obviously this is the let me
explain ellamy we keep it simple over
here I know some people want those deep
dark so some people want theories that
don't even really exist they just want
people to like I don't know conform with
them better
yeah maybe check out ATZ there should be
a video there hopefully soon better than
that I'm curious to know your thoughts
on this I you know I like season one a
lot more than season two I'm very
curious to see how they're gonna expound
not only on future parks if they go back
to it you know we all know Jurassic
park's been destroyed multiple times
they go back to that bad boy but I'm
also curious to see what they're going
to do with the five or six hosts that
are out what they're going to do in the
future with this immortality timeline
with the man in black and even more than
that if the digital heavens ever gonna
come back curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe or
else these violent delights will have
violent ends